decisions: improving process (#4639)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/decisions/EXPLANATIONS.md

> Any incomplete and unexplored idea/opinion, which is not complete enough to be in "Considered Alternatives", can be written here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any incomplete and unexplored idea/opinion, which is not complete enough to be in "Solutions", can be written here.
```
